Count the ball
You come out
Look at you now.
People are not ghosts
You just want such a little rebate
Do such a heinous thing?
I don't have it, if you don't
Why is everyone in the company scolding you?
I taught you from a young age
If you are poor and have no money
You can't do anything unconscionable
I said I didn't do it.
It was Li Qiang who colluded with the company to frame me
You are talking nonsense.
Li Qiang has been with the company for more than 20 years
Why did he frame you?
In this world
One wants another.
Or the competition for fame and fortune
Or I break up with him
There is no battle between fame and fortune in different departments
Is that the other ones?
Su Shi scolded Xiao Gu to death
Late Autumn was saved by you yourself
You question his character
You're questioning your own character.
save
I have never betrayed my words in the hardest and most painful times
Now all for that little kickback
I'm going to ruin my great future
Where are you going, sir?
I'm going to get justice for you
Hahaha, isn't this Yunqing?
Long time no see!
Why did you frame Wanqiu with the surname Li?
In debt? That's what he did
Impossible. I know the character of late autumn best
You can go back to the company and explain it to me right now.
Repair Gatekio's innocence
Let's go
Ah!
Innocent, you are funny